README.md, before:

PHPXMLRPC Extras
================

## DESCRIPTION
  A collection of server addons that might be of use for development of xml-rpc (and json-rpc) based applications


## REQUIREMENTS

  * PHP 5.4 or newer
  * phpxmlrpc/phpxmlrpc 4.10.1 or newer


## API DOCUMENTATION
  documentation can be found in the doc/ directory. _NB_ the manual is quite outdated.


## COPYRIGHT:
  Use of this software is subject to the terms in [license.txt](license.txt)

## INCLUDED CLASSES

### JSRpcServer, JsJsonRpcServer, JSWrapper
  Ajaxified version of the  lib: support executing xml-rpc/json-rpc calls directly from the client browser
  after having defined them only once, in php.

### SelfDocumentingServer, SelfDocumentingJsonRpcServer, ServerDocumentor, XmlrpcSmartyTemplate:
  Subclasses of the xml-rpc/json-rpc servers and their helpers, to auto-generate HTML documentation of exposed services.
  Easy as a breeze to use, and extremely user-friendly.

### ReverseProxy:
  Subclass of the xml-rpc server that can act as remote (transparent) xml-rpc proxy to forward calls to a remote server.
  Can either forward any received call or probe remote server first for existing methods.


## Running tests

The recommended way to run the library test suite is via the provided Docker containers.
A handy shell script is available that simplifies usage of Docker.

The full sequence of operations is:

    ./tests/ci/vm.sh build
    ./tests/ci/vm.sh start
    ./tests/ci/vm.sh runtests
    ./tests/ci/vm.sh stop

    # and, once you have finished all testing related work:
    ./tests/ci/vm.sh cleanup

By default, tests are run using php 8.1 in a Container based on Ubuntu 22 Jammy.
You can change the version of PHP and Ubuntu in use by setting the environment variables PHP_VERSION and UBUNTU_VERSION
before building the Container.

To generate the code-coverage report, run `./tests/ci/vm.sh runcoverage`

[![License](https://poser.pugx.org/phpxmlrpc/extras/license)](https://packagist.org/packages/phpxmlrpc/extras)
[![Latest Stable Version](https://poser.pugx.org/phpxmlrpc/extras/v/stable)](https://packagist.org/packages/phpxmlrpc/extras)
[![Total Downloads](https://poser.pugx.org/phpxmlrpc/extras/downloads)](https://packagist.org/packages/phpxmlrpc/extras)

[![Build Status](https://github.com/gggeek/phpxmlrpc-extras/actions/workflows/ci.yaml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/gggeek/phpxmlrpc-extras/actions/workflows/ci.yaml)
[![Code Coverage](https://codecov.io/gh/gggeek/phpxmlrpc-extras/branch/master/graph/badge.svg)](https://app.codecov.io/gh/gggeek/phpxmlrpc-extras)

Commit message:

move demo files into a separate tarball

README.md, after:

PHPXMLRPC Extras
================

## Description
  A collection of server addons that might be of use for development of xml-rpc (and json-rpc) based applications


## Requirements

  * PHP 5.4 or newer
  * phpxmlrpc/phpxmlrpc 4.10.1 or newer

## Copyright
  Use of this software is subject to the terms in [license.txt](license.txt)

## Short list of included classes

### JSRpcServer, JsJsonRpcServer, JSWrapper
  Ajaxified version of the  lib: support executing xml-rpc/json-rpc calls directly from the client browser
  after having defined them only once, in php.

### SelfDocumentingServer, SelfDocumentingJsonRpcServer, ServerDocumentor, XmlrpcSmartyTemplate:
  Subclasses of the xml-rpc/json-rpc servers and their helpers, to auto-generate HTML documentation of exposed services.
  Easy as a breeze to use, and extremely user-friendly.

### ReverseProxy:
  Subclass of the xml-rpc server that can act as remote (transparent) xml-rpc proxy to forward calls to a remote server.
  Can either forward any received call or probe remote server first for existing methods.


## API documentation
Documentation can be found in the doc/ directory. _NB_ the manual is quite outdated.

You are encouraged to look also at the code examples found in the demo/ directory.

Note: to reduce the size of the download, the demo files are not part of the default package installed with Composer.
You can either check them out online at https://github.com/gggeek/phpxmlrpc-extras/tree/master/demo, download them as
a separate tarball from https://github.com/gggeek/phpxmlrpc-extras/releases or make sure they are available locally
by installing the library using Composer option `--prefer-install=source`. Whatever the method chosen, make sure that
the demo folder is not directly accessible from the internet, i.e. it is not within the webserver root directory).


## Running tests

The recommended way to run the library test suite is via the provided Docker containers.
A handy shell script is available that simplifies usage of Docker.

The full sequence of operations is:

    ./tests/ci/vm.sh build
    ./tests/ci/vm.sh start
    ./tests/ci/vm.sh runtests
    ./tests/ci/vm.sh stop

    # and, once you have finished all testing related work:
    ./tests/ci/vm.sh cleanup

By default, tests are run using php 8.1 in a Container based on Ubuntu 22 Jammy.
You can change the version of PHP and Ubuntu in use by setting the environment variables PHP_VERSION and UBUNTU_VERSION
before building the Container.

To generate the code-coverage report, run `./tests/ci/vm.sh runcoverage`

[![License](https://poser.pugx.org/phpxmlrpc/extras/license)](https://packagist.org/packages/phpxmlrpc/extras)
[![Latest Stable Version](https://poser.pugx.org/phpxmlrpc/extras/v/stable)](https://packagist.org/packages/phpxmlrpc/extras)
[![Total Downloads](https://poser.pugx.org/phpxmlrpc/extras/downloads)](https://packagist.org/packages/phpxmlrpc/extras)

[![Build Status](https://github.com/gggeek/phpxmlrpc-extras/actions/workflows/ci.yaml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/gggeek/phpxmlrpc-extras/actions/workflows/ci.yaml)
[![Code Coverage](https://codecov.io/gh/gggeek/phpxmlrpc-extras/branch/master/graph/badge.svg)](https://app.codecov.io/gh/gggeek/phpxmlrpc-extras)
